# Contoso Video, Ltd

Contoso Video, Ltd. is a small but growing company that offers digital purchases of movies for downloading or streaming. They attract new customers through their aggressive and creative advertising strategy and retain their customers by providing better prices for loyalty, a unique and entertaining synopsis on their movie catalog, and by providing an inventory that is comparable to what the larger streaming services offer.

Contoso Video has recently completed an online movie distribution deal with a conglomerate of overseas movie production companies, which promises to expand both their movie catalog and customer base. Their new partnership will provide access to their catalog of movies. Still, it is Contoso's responsibility to make sure they are prepared for an influx of new customers and have a global reach that puts their catalog close to their audience. Maintaining a fast browsing experience on their e-commerce site is as important as keeping the latency low and throughput high with their movie streams. This is because if customers experience slowness when browsing the catalog and making a purchase, then they may also conclude that the movie streaming experience will also be suboptimal.

Given these new challenges, Contoso is concerned about its current architecture keeping up with demand on a global scale. Their e-commerce website and associated database currently run on a mix of dedicated and collocated servers running in a US-based data center. They recognize the need to expand to other regions, which is now not possible with their current hosting partner. Because of this, they want to move to a more modern and cloud-based solution. Contoso currently has an ASP.NET web application that provides a storefront allowing users to navigate their movie catalog, view movie details, and purchase movies. The movie catalog, user profiles, and e-commerce transactions are all stored in a Microsoft SQL Server database.

Tracking all orders within a monolithic web app backed by a small, on-premises SQL Server instance made sense over a decade ago when they were small and inexperienced. However, in recent months, they have been experiencing growing pains. Striking this new deal with international partners is an exciting prospect for them. It is the boost they need to finally prioritize modernizing their application and unlocking new, innovative capabilities to help them compete with much larger companies.

Their modernization and growth plan involves rebuilding their e-commerce site from the ground up, using a microservices approach, and deploying to the cloud. Contoso also wants to migrate their relational database to a cloud-optimized database that can provide them greater scalability, more flexibility in the handling of concurrency, an improved ability to scale geographically, and benefit from greater schema agility.

One of Contoso Video's driving motivators for having greater schema agility is the online movie distribution deal. They need to make breaking changes to their relational database's schema to incorporate the new movie catalogs and related information. Since they need to do this work soon, they think it is worthwhile to invest in migrating to a new database technology beforehand to minimize extra work between merging the new data and modernizing their applications. Schema flexibility will also allow them to more easily add other data catalogs over time if additional distribution deals occur, and gives them the flexibility to do things like more quickly add new types of products, like music and user-contributed content.

<!-- Once they migrate their database to a highly scalable and distributed database, they want to start streaming user clickstream data into it and use the telemetry to understand patterns of behavior and possibly build a movie recommendation system down the road. -->

Contoso Video, Ltd., has the vision, motivation, and the funds to get started right away. They do not currently have expertise with cloud-optimized databases but feel like the reward is greater than the risk. They have come to you to help take their online video store to the next level. Are you up for the challenge?
